Little ant
How dare you make an axe in front of me
Boy, you are courting death
He's a governor's palace guard
How dare you touch him?
Dare to rebel?
Governor's Palace Guard
Believe it or not, I destroyed your Governor's Palace in minutes
outrageous
Believe it or not, I'll call my dad over and kill you
Ok, hurry up and call
I'll wait for your father to come over
Boy, wait for me
Qingcheng, are you stupid?
How dare you challenge the Governor's Palace
Do you know what power the Governor's Palace is?
Why don't you run?
Under the World
I carry Wang Antu
Tell him where to run
You boy
My dad will bring someone over right away and kill you himself
Fine. I'll wait for him.
Police, stop being capricious
Everyone is soft
Will kill you
Are you worried about me?
You know how stupid you are
I shouldn't have helped you in the first place
Let you die
Anyway, it's a white gang to help
No white gang
Your little kindness
I will be protected for the rest of my life
I will make you the happiest woman in the world